You know, there are a few options when we're talking about changing a
job that you're unable to complete, whether it's because of a family
emergency or even sometimes personality. But there are rules and regulations
as faras time on station. If it's overseas, it's it's much
more difficult, but there is always a way out with humanitarian transfer.
Um, sometimes we're dealing with a family situation and potentially
ah, separation from your spouse, um, legal, or just something
that you've both agreed upon. I believe that if you are speaking and
communicating with your your detailer or the individual, that is,
um, in Millington for you. Sometimes they can work other things out.
Thio even transfer you at no cost, depending on the location. So I
think communication is important to talk to that your supervisors and
making sure they understand the situation